# IMC-prosperity-3
As for resin which is very easy. simply take irrational orders and make market: market marker bid+1, ask-1 can achieve 37k a day.

Kelp: simply market marker bid+1, ask-1 can achieve 6k+ a day. Can do 0 EV trade to clear positions. Can use Olivia in r 5 but not very effective.

Ink: my teammate came up with a bolling reversion strat which allows us to get 6k+ a day. Simply using mean reversion is also a good idea but a long window length like 400 should be used. In round 5 can use Olivia to further boost the strat as she indicates the min and max price of the day.
We noticed that there is an interesting relation on the order book of ink and kelp: orders on buy and sell are nearly same on all timestamp and we are thinking if there is a signal if the orderbook is not the same but fails to make any profits. Maybe this is not a hidden gem, and IMC is just so lazy that uses same generator or bots or sth that accidentally make this happen.

Basket: I came up with a very good idea along. I noticed that there are mean reversion on basket 1 along and basket 2 along so only need to trade them. basket 1 along can make almost 40k a day, basket 2 30k a day without even trading other products like croissants. Simply using rolling windows of length 110, and calculated zscore. I used a fixed mean: 58300 for basket 1 and 30100 for basket 2. then if zscore > 7 go short, <-7 go long. This strat is very successful as I noticed the very strong mean reversion on them and their mean usually do not change much. Can use Olivia for croissant in r5 very effective. 
We also thought of doing reversion on 2*basket1-3*basket2-2*dejembes which is good but not as good as above. But seems better for day 2's data.

For options: this is hard and we did not find any good strat. However, a teammate suggested gamma scalping was good but somehow he didn't carry out it. I came up with a idea based on the hint: put all the options moneyness vs iv points on a diagram. ignore outliers of 9500 vouchers. and fit a parabola of these points. then used a rolling windows to store each options iv and similar to calculating the zscore as for basket. for each timestamp, for each option calculated the current iv, moneyness and std of iv in the windows for that option. you can match moneyness with a iv from the fitted parabola known as vol smile. so calculate (current iv-matched iv)/rolling windows(iv).std() if >threshold go short, <-threshold go long. then carry out delta heding on volc rock. delta hedging can also set a threshold like 0.1-0.2 to prevent too frequent heding.

macaron: i have an idea but no time to implement it properly. notice if sunlight index is less than 45 then sugar price is highly correlated with macarons. also noticed sunlight index gradient changes every 100 timestamps hence need to project on the index. if the projected index in future is less than 45 then long macaron, if already below 45 and projected to be greater than 45 then short macaron. sugar price can be a good reference as well to make decisions.
PS: this year none of the team is very successful in the macaron and unlike last year possibly, there is no arbitrage opportunity and conversion seems useless, and the pnl display for this product is very strange that only the last timestamp shows the true pnl. Although spread is large, market making is not very useful. I am thinking if we could look carefully in the market trades as there are definitely some smart takers who can predict the price and take your irrational orders making mm not successful. Many teams used last years second place strat and made some profits.
